SEO: improve description links (#94)
pspdev/pspdev.github.io: contributing.md

Before making any contribution, it's best to talk about what you want to do on [Discord](https://discord.gg/bePrj9W). After that, here are some places you can look to contribute:

> - Found a bug or are you missing something? [Submit that bugs/feature requests or improvements](https://github.com/pspdev/pspdev/issues/new)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Found a bug or are you missing something? [Submit a bug, feature request or pull request](https://github.com/pspdev/pspdev/issues/new)!
```

- Want to solve a bug? [Check our bug tracker here](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+user%3Apspdev+)!

> - Want to add a library to support with PSP SDK? [add your library here](https://github.com/pspdev/psp-packages/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Want to add a library to support with PSP SDK? [Add your library here](https://github.com/pspdev/psp-packages/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)!
```
